After whom is the Riemannian geometry named?
Which animal participated in a military operation with the Australian Defence Force?
among the characters in the witcher, who has two unmarried partners, Yennefer of Vengerberg and Triss Merigold?
among the founders of tencent company, who has been member of national people’s congress?
among the other representative work of the author of hunter x hunter, which one is talking about middle school student?
On which stock exchanges are Siemens AG shares traded?
Apart from the book series the witcher, name all of the author’s notable work.
are brooke raboutou and colin duffy from same state of the usa?
What is the boiling point of water?
At which school was Yayoi Kusama educated at?
Which High School did Allen Ginsberg attend?
On which island is the Indonesian capital located?
can i play don't starve on play station 4?
How many General Secretaries of the CPSU were there before Leonid Brezhnev?
How many different presidents of Russia have there been that took the position after 1990?
Did adam ondra win a medal in the 2020 summer olympics?
Did the Chicago Bulls win at least two seasons of the NBA championship?
Did Haruki Murakami receive the Nobel Prize in Literature?
Did Kobe Bryant leave the Lakers when LeBron James joined that team?
Did Rawson Marshall Thurber, the director of Red Notice also direct Titanic?
Did Venice at any point belong to the Austrian Empire?
Were at least two of the founders of tencent educated at the same university?
Do all of batman’s partner speak english as native language?
How many spouses do head of states have on average?
Was there at least one Formula 1 event on the AVUS?
Find all Turkish verbs ending with “uş” with their lemma.
From which country are the beagles originally from?
From which country came the 2nd most winners of the Emmy Award ?
Does the music style of Helloween belong to rock music?
Does the postal code 32423 belong to Minden?
has adam ondra been a winner of IFSC climbing world cup?
has life expectancy in iran grown in any year after 1999?
has population of Isfahan increased at any point after 2006?
Did Joe Cocker play at the Woodstock festival?
Did Udo Bölts participate in the Tour de France?
How many of Reinhold Messner's brothers still live?
In which manner did Hemingway die?
In which industry does the House of Medici own a business?
How do people from Turkey call the official name of the united states of america?
How high is the Cologne Cathedral ?
How is the Harz called in Mandarin Chinese?
How many international airports are located within the city of Hamburg ?
On how many albums does Madonna perform?
On how many albums does Mariah Carey perform?
How many studio albums has Lana Del Rey have?
How many ancient civilizations are there?
In how many years did Kobe Bryant receive an NBA All-Defensive Team award?
How many All-NBA Team awards have Shaquille O'Neal and Kobe Bryant received in the same year?
How many literary works did Richard Bachman write?
How many notable works does Sarah J. Maas have?
Did Bryan Evenson work for at least one university where he was educated at?
How many children (including apopted ones) does Jeff Bezos have with his ex-wife?
How many children had Paul McCartney together with his ex-wife Linda McCartney?
How many Chinese zodiac animals are there in total?
How many cities are part of the Pearl River Delta?
How many city-states are currently in the world?
How many businesses did Steve Jobs found?
How many countries have a democracy index higher than 7 and drive on the left side ?
How many countries have never been members of the UN?
How many countries are on the continent of South America ?
How many countries have mountains whose peaks are higher than 2000m above sea level?
How many fictional dragons are present in Game of Thrones?
how many emmy awards has the tv series game of thrones won?
How many films are derived from the original Ghost in the Shell Manga?
How many French kings didn't die of natural causes?
How many given names has Queen Elizabeth II ?
How many different female mayors did Hamburg have?
how many head of the state does iran have?
How many scholary articles have ImageNet as a subject?
How many inhabitants does the birthplace of Cristiano Ronaldo have?
How many Japanese writers received the Nobel Prize?
How many languages are widely used in India?
How many different colors can water take?
How many locations has Georges Braque worked at (work location)?
How many months does winter consist of in Germany?
How many movies does the Scream franchise have?
How many movies has James Cameron directed prior to the year 2010?
How many movies were directed by Akira Kurosawa ?
How many musical scales are there?
How many public holidays does the state Bavaria have in a year?
How many literary works besides The Picture of Dorian Gray did its author write?
How many literary works did Mark Twain write in his lifetime?
How many occupations did Mark Twain have?
how many of spiderman perfomers are citizens of the united kingdom?
how many official languages does the united states of america have?
How many official languages has Pakistan ?
How many Oscars did all the movies directed by Hayao Miyazaki combined win?
How many paintings of Pablo Picasso were ever in a museum?
How many people can play "Mensch ärgere dich nicht" at most?
How many people did Oscar Pistorius kill?
How many people died due to the Great Leap Forward according to the highest estimate?
How many people have won the Nobel Prize in Literature since its inception?
How many people live in cities in the vicinity of the Nile ?
How many pitch classes are part of the chromatic scale?
how many plays has William Shakespeare written in the 16th century.
How many poems did Allen Ginsberg published?
How many political parties have ever had seats in the German Bundestag ?
How many positions did Kobe Bryant play in his team?
How many prizes are there established by Alfred Nobel ?
Did SpaceX ever operate a space mission that was a failed launch?
How many people nominated for the nobel prize in chemistry didn't ever win it?
How many seasons does Pose have?
How many seats are there in the current German Bundestag ?
How many siblings had the author of “Little Women” ?
How many ski resorts were there ever in France?
How many songs were composed by Jay Chou but not released in his own albums?
How many works that are based on Spider-Man has Venom been a part of?
How many spouses had Rama V (one of the former Kings of Siam)?
Does Switzerland have a place north of the Point (8.57 47.8)?
how many times has Giorgio Moroder won golden globe award?
How many Olympic Games has Kobe Bryant taken part in?
How many times was Oskar Lafontaine elected Member of the Landtag of Saarland?
How many wars did the Empire of Japan participate in?
How many women were amongst the founding members of “The Bridge” (“Die Brücke”)?
Who has a higher observed lifespan out of the common bottlenose dolphin and the brown bear?
What is TNFAIP1 ?
How often did Naomi Novik win the nebula award?
How often did the Mongols try to invade Japan?
How often was Naomi Novik nominated for a Hugo Award?
How many years did the second oldest dog in the world live?
if someone died in 1969, is there any chance they heard of queen’s music?
Is Dr. Pepper named after its inventor?
In how many movies did Carey Mulligan and Ryan Gosling star together?
in the country where ghost in the shell is born, who is the current head of the state?
How many rivers are in or next to the U.S. state where cage the elephant is from?
In which federal state is the Veltins brewery headquarter?
In which stadium do the New York Yankees play?
In which countries is the Himalayas located?
Was Isfahan a capital in the year 934?
In how many countries has IKEA been established?
In which country did the United Fruit Company have their headquarters?
In how many countries is pysanka practiced?
In which country is Oberirrach ?
In which country was Spotify created?
What is the song Vogue by Madonna named after?
in which language does the united stated have the shortest short name?
Does Bremerhaven's local dialing code start with 4?
In how many movies was Johnny Depp casted in?
In which year did ABBA publish their album The Visitors ?
In which year was the author of “The Vanishing Half” born?
Is After Eight manufactured by Unilever?
Is ALDI also in Italy?
is Isfahan a big city?
Is math related to science ?
Is Python a kind of Programming languages?
Is samurai champloo a piece of original work or an adaptation?
Was the first female chancellor in Germany ever married?
Is the Mariana Trench deeper than Mount Everest is high (above sea level)?
Is the number of countries in Europe larger than that in Asia?
Is the production company of samurai champloo still existing?
is there female main character in hunter x hunter?
Is water colorless?
Is Axel Rose a member of Guns N' Roses?
Is the capital of Iran bigger than that of Germany?
Is the Weser longer than the Rhine?
Is Tony Blair taller than Tiger Woods?
Is Chicago located at Lake Michigan?
Is the district of Höxter next to the district of Paderborn?
Are part of the Harz mountains in the district of Nordhausen?
How many people won the Nobel Prize in Literature or Physics since 2000?
How many african-american people got a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame?
With how many countries does Australia share a border?
How many female Chinese Empresses have there been?
Of which political party was Joseph Beuys a member?
In what year did the Hollywood Walk of Fame open?
on which video streaming services can i watch hunter x hunter anime series?
People of what age belong to the Silent Generation ?
In what year did the district of Höxter come into existence?
Is the Linux Foundation verified on Twitter?
Were Angela Merkel and Tony Blair born in the same year?
Do more than 100000000 people speak Japanese?
Tell me all the cast members of the film Red Notice directed by Rawson Marshall Thurber ?
The first album of Jay Chou
Through which countries does the Danube go?
What do sperm whales mainly eat?
Was Frida Kahlo a surrealist?
Was Funny Games and its remake directed by different persons?
Was Google founded by Bill Gates?
What is the second letter in the Greek alphabet?
Was it the cancer that caused the death of Steve Jobs who was the CEO of Apple?
Was Shaquille O'Neal the teammate of Kobe Bryant in the year of 2000?
Was Shaquille O'Neal, as the basketball player, also an film actor?
Was the first album of the band Darkside released in 2012?
What are the spin-offs of Breaking Bad?
Which river flows through the Grand Canyon?
What was the key event related to Salvador Dalí?
Who passed the German Occupational Safety and Health Act?
What are the German names of academic disciplines containing “linguistik”?
What are the names of the head of states of Germany and France ?
What are the professions of John Lennon’s sons?
What are the titles of the Star Wars series movies?
What came first: the TV show The Flintstones or the end of racial discrimination in voting in the US ?
What colors does the German national flag have?
What did the suffragettes stand for?
What do you call a female form of an emperor in English?
What event killed the most people in the years 1910 to 1920?
Does the ATI Company still exist?
What happened to the dinosaurs ?
What instruments did Louis Armstrong play?
what did the author of the phrase: "Alea iacta est" die of?
What is the binary gender of the partner of Allen Ginsberg ?
What is the capital of the prefecture Tokyo ?
What is the Chinese zodiac animal that follows the ox?
What is the combined total revenue of three largest Big Tech companies ordered by number of employees?
What is the coordinate location of Shenzhen ?
What is the Erlangen program ?
Did the Roland Corporation produce synthesizers?
How many perople do the Port of Rotterdam employ?
what is the main subject of the manga "your lie in april": primary school, middle school or high school student?
What is the mother tongue of the author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie ?
Who was the partner of Allen Ginsberg?
What is the second game developed by Piranha Bytes?
What is the TV-show that starred Rowan Atkinson , had 4 seasons and started in 1983?
What is the english nickname of Ella Fitzgerald?
What are the occupations of Kazuo Ishiguro’s daughter?
What are the occupations of Nat King Cole?
what is the official language of iran?
What is the population in Freiburg ?
What is the title of the 2020 released movie in which Carey Mulligan was the main actress?
What does Ray-Ban produce primarily?
What language did the famous king, who was also a student of Aristotle's , speak?
What language do they speak in Poland ?
How many different languages are spoken in West Europe?
Is Germany bigger than Poland?
What notes does a C major chord consist of?
How many different occupations did/do spouses of winners of the Nobel Prize in Literature hold?
How many other video games began the same year as Dead by Daylight?
What other civilizations existed during the Aztecs ?
What brand uses petroleum jelly?
How many other musical films were launched the same year as Grease?
Which creator of The OA also acted in it?
What albums has Atif Aslam been on?
What was Ada Lovelace’s noble title?
What was Janus the god of?
Who was the fellow Hobbit who was an enemy of Frodo?
What was the last painting that Van Gogh painted?
What was the main subject addressed in the Deep Purple song “Smoke on the water”?
When did the first sperm whales exist?
What year did the Berlin Wall fall?
What year was Riverdale first aired?
When did Allen Ginsberg die?
When did Ella Fitzgerald die?
when did human first start to bouldering?
When did Pakistan become independent?
When did Rumi die?
When did the brother of the author of Slaughterhouse Five die?
when was the creator of saturday night live born?
Who was part of the Hambach Festival?
When did The OA was first released?
How many casualties were a result of the Troubles?
When did the Weimar Republic start?
When did World War II officially end?
when is the first ironman world championship?
when was the magazine in which hunter x hunter is published established?
When the film Red Notice was released?
When was Cologne Cathedral built?
What can be done against gout?
When was HIV first identified?
When was the first article about Liquid State Machines published?
When was Marlene Dietrich born?
When was Penicillin discovered?
When was Rumi born?
When was the beginning of Romanticism ?
When was the Echo Music Prize abolished?
When was the first album of the American band Typhoon released?
When was the Hamburg Airport inaugurated?
When was the Hamburg S-Bahn officially opened?
When was the jazz club Birdland in Hamburg founded?
When was the poem Howl written?
When was the university of Cambridge founded?
When was the University of Hamburg founded?
When was the University of Saskatchewan founded?
When was the Vatican City created?
When was United Fruit Company founded?
Where did Trotzky die?
Where are both The Call of the Wild and White Fang set, the most two famous works of Jack London?
Where did the Hambach Festival happen?
Where do the novels of the franchise The Lord of the Rings take place?
Where does the Nutri-Score originate from?
Are there at least two winners of the Academy Award for Best Actress who have been educated at the same institution?
Where was K-pop star Lisa Manoban born?
What is the highest point of Norway?
Where did the psychedelic band “Khruangbin” form?
Where was Caesar murdered?
Where was Goethe’s unmarried partner born ?
Where was Roland Corporation founded?
Where was the author of The Catcher in the Rye born ?
Who developed the Erlangen program?
Which actor starring in Free Guy also starred in Deadpool?
Which American presidents followed in their father‘s step and also became the president?
which animal can possibly live longer, panda or koala?
Which archipelago has more islands: the Galápagos Islands or the Hawaiian Islands ?
Which art movement was Yoko Ono part of?
which band is created earlier, queen or pink floyd?
What caused Kobe Bryant's Death?
What are the opposites of zero?
Which businesses are founded by the person in charge of Tesla?
Did Germany have a population growth of at least 1% since 2010?
Which aircraft did Howard Hughes build?
Which country has more official languages: South Africa (​​Q258) or Ethiopia ?
Is throat singing a tradition?
Which disease caused the death of Mark Twain?
Which diseases can be caused by smoking ?
Which genre that Cage the Elephant belongs to has the fewest english characters?
Which takes less space? 1kg of lead or 1kg of iron.
Which kingdom preceded the Thonburi Kingdom ?
How many mountains are located in Germany?
Which movements is the painting “Les Demoiselles d'Avignon” assigned to?
Which movies belong to the Cornetto trilogy ?
During what event was the Four Policemen Council proposed?
Which NBA teams have won the most seasons?
Which of the dragons in Game of Thrones died?
Which other movies by the director of Another Round also starred Mads Mikkelsen ?
Which egyptian pyramid is the tallest?
What is the offical language of Taipei?
Which shows aired for the first time the same year as Saturday Night Live ?
Which songs made up the album Fijación Oral vol. 1 ?
Which started first: impressionism or expressionism (art movements)?
which state inside USA is batman living in?
which swordfighter in the lord of the rings marry a half-elven and belong to rangers of the north?
Which teams participated in the 2020 UEFA Champions League Final ?
Which universities have more than 200000 students?
which university is established earlier, university of oxford or university of cambridge?
Who developed WordNet?
Who are the actresses in Portrait of a Lady on Fire?
Did Michael Jordan and Kobe Bryant play for the same team?
Who created the Turing machine?
When was the Hambach Castle built?
Who died at the North Pole?
Who directed Anne with an E ?
Who wrote "Prototypical Networks for Few-shot Learning"?
Who founded “The Blue Rider”?
Who founded the Worpswede artist colony ?
Who is the author of “Convenience Store Woman” ?
Who is the soccer player with the most goals in their career?
Who is the creator of the Dinosaurs tv show ?
Who is the current president of the German Bundestag currently?
Who is the most wealthy entrepreneur?
Who is the oldest cast member of the Netflix show “Queer Eye” ?
Who is the publisher of Smite ?
Who wrote the Erlangen program?
In which country is the Nanga Parbat located?
who produced Star Wars: Episode VI – Return of the Jedi?
Who was an actor in more movies, Daniel Day Lewis or Paul Dano ?
For what literature prize was Simone de Beauvoir nominated?
What is the website of NPR's “Tiny Desk Concert”?
Who was the creator of Boo-Boo Bear ?
Who was the creator of Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt ?
Who was the director of Llamas with Hats ?
Who founded the Roland Corporation?
Who was the original actor who played Pinhead ?
Who were the parents of Socrates ?
Who wrote Anne of Green Gables ?
Who wrote the poem Howl ?
Who's the author of The Hellbound Heart ?
Whom did Clara Westhoff marry?
what is the oldest film festival?
When was Athens founded?
which river is longer, the Seine or Elbe？
which game is created earlier, super mario bros or Pac-Man?
who is the youngested member in g-idle?
who is older, Lionel Messi or Cristiano Ronaldo？
Is heidelberg university or university hamburg founded earlier?
which forest is bigger, Amazon Rainforest or Congo Basin?
Does Samsung Electronics or Apple have more employees?
which company is founded later, samsung or sony?
who is taller, Lionel Messi or Cristiano Ronaldo？
who has won more NBA awards, Michael Jordan or Kobe Bean Bryant？
Did Michael Jordan ever weigh more than Kobe Bean Bryant？
Who is older, Sebastian Vettel or Lewis Hamilton?
which city is more populated, copenhagen or amsterdam?
How many things are part of the "One Piece" Franchise?
How many fictional female swordfighters are there?
which company started earlier, Black Diamond Equipment or la sportiva?
which desert is bigger, sahara desert or arabian desert?
who lives longer, series black or bellatrix Lestrange?
What is the area of the great lakes?
What is native name of the composer of the Japanese national anthem?
Who is the founder of the capital of Vietnam?
Who is the manager of the operator of Neumayer III?
How high is the mountain on which Günther Messner died?
What is the twitter name of Running Wild?
How many times did the Italian national soccer team win the Fifa World Cup?
What is the area of the capital of Spitsbergen?
What percentage of Andorra is covered with water?
How many countries are located around the euorpean Lake Constance?
With how many persons was Richard Burton married?
At what coordinates was the "Sender Teutoburger Wald" erected?
Where is the poet Alexander Pope buried?
In what country is the Kandahar-downhill?
Who founded the architectural firm who planned the Elbphilharmonie?
Where are the founders of the band Metallica from?
Where does the Granny Smith apple variety come from?
What is the Fujiyama made of?